You said I asked Antelope to help Jiang Yao
Did I do something wrong?
Sister Zeng
Actually, where is the eldest brother?
What I like most is your kindness
There is nothing wrong with being kind
It’s just that sometimes kindness is betrayed by people with ulterior motives.
as a tool for use
you are right
I was too soft-hearted just now
You catch up with them immediately
We must protect the antelopes
It’s not brother. Don’t worry about me.
What can I encounter at home?
Antelope safety
more important than anything
Okay, I'll go right away
Please stay at home well
antelope
You must not let anything happen to you
What did you say
Our mother suddenly became critically ill
Brother, take good care of our mother
I'll go to the hospital right away
Do you think it's still possible for both of us?
Absolutely impossible
Yes, you look like a bitch like me
Who do you have to ask you to abuse me?
three years
It doesn’t mean that you can forget it if you forget it.
everyone makes mistakes
Everyone has a chance to change their ways
you
You mean you've forgiven me
Let's go
You said I asked the antelope to help Jiang Yao
Did I do it wrong?
Sister Zeng
In fact, what about the big brother?
What I like most is your kindness
There is nothing wrong with kindness
It is just that sometimes kindness is overtaken by people with ulterior motives
As a tool to use
I guess you are right.
I was too soft-hearted just now
You catch up with them now
Be sure to protect the antelope
It is not big brother, let me rest assured.
What could happen to me at home?
Antelope safety
More important than anything
Fine. I will be right there.
Are you staying home?
antelope
Can't you be okay?
Pardon me?
Our mother suddenly fell ill
Brother, take care of our mother
I am going to the hospital right away
Do you think it is possible for the two of us?
Absolutely impossible
Yeah, like me
What right do you have to ask you to abuse?
Three years.
It doesn't mean that you can forget it if you forget it.
Everyone makes mistakes
Everyone has a chance to make a change
you
You mean you have forgiven me?
Come on.